ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Previously on "Dance Moms."
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Sophia, you were doing a solo.
WOMAN 1: Everybody knows
that Melissa will do whatever it takes
to have her kids number one
in Abby's eyes.
What are you people doing?
I've probably cleaned
this place up 12 times.
There are too many people in this dance.
Brooke, you're out.
Chloe is your student.
You are a plagiarist,
because that little girl
is somebody else's student
and you just put her name on her back.
You're ridiculous. Chloe was awful today.
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Coming up on "Dance Moms."
Sophia is on top of the pyramid
and she's not even here.
My next routine will be a duet
with Maddie and Kendall.
What did you think about the duet?
Not happy about that, but...
Abby told me last night
that you weren't happy about doing
a duet with Kendall.
You can believe whatever
you want to, Jill.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Kendall, are you going to admit
that you screwed the whole dance up
and that you were off?
You have picked on her
the entire week about it.
Kiss my butt.
[music continuing]
(SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls
living on the dance floor.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Come on, ladies, let's go.
All righty.
We went to Youngstown, Ohio
to Intensity Dance. We won.
ANNOUNCER: Highest scoring group,
Red Carpet Special.
ABBY LEE MILLER: We should have won.
You're national champions.
Let's move on to the pyramid.
I have Chloe.
Chloe, remembering your choreography,
that is what you need to work on.
Write it down.
Maybe if you write it out, it'll sink in.
Try that.
CHRISTI: This week, Abby has Chloe
at the bottom of the pyramid
because she forgot her solo.
And you know what?
For once, I can't really argue with Abby
because Chloe did forget her solo,
and she's getting older
and she needs to take responsibility
for her actions.
She forgot.
Next, Mia.
Mia, you don't apply the corrections.
That's what you need to do.
Try writing them down.
Next.
Mackenzie.
MacKenzie,
when I took you out of the group,
I gave you this cute little part to do.
And thank goodness it was humorous.
Because had they started
timing our number,
we would have been disqualified,
and the Abby Lee Dance Company
is not going to get disqualified.
All she had to do was grab this rope
and pull the carpet across the stage.
She kept getting it stuck.
I will never forgive Mackenzie
for what she did.
She made a mockery
of the beginning of that routine.
You will not be in the group
numbers going forward,
not until it's appropriate for you.
Understood?
And Paige.
You got the featured part.
You had the big jump, the tilt, whap.
You could have made that fabulous,
but you didn't do that.
You were given an opportunity,
and instead of running with it,
it was mediocre.
KELLY: I think Abby takes her frustration
out on the kids.
Like if Abby's mad at me,
she takes it out on Paige.
Just because I don't want to be there,
that should not be any reflection
onto Paige.
Next. Maddie.
You were good.
I noticed you have the Sophia hairdo.
How about we have the Sophia energy,
the Sophia turns,
and not worry about the hairdo?
WOMAN:
I think there's enough pressure on Maddie
without being compared to Sophia,
but now I know how the other moms feel
when Abby does it to their children.
Next. Kendall.
You were in the front.
You were given a correction 100 times.
Did you keep up with Sophia?
I don't know.
And at the top of the pyramid is Sophia.
I think the ceiling was going
to cave in at the Abby Lee Dance Company
because Maddie
was not on the top of the pyramid.
It was Sophie.
Kind of a given.
She won the high score overall,
nine to 11-year-old,
and she won the entire competition.
She was the high score of the day.
Sophia is still a part of this team
and she will remain on the pyramid.
Just because she's in LA shooting a movie,
that's just another feather in my cap.
This weekend, we will be traveling
to Greensboro, North Carolina.
We will be attending
Dance Troupe Challenge.
Since Brooke's not on the pyramid,
does that mean
she's not going this weekend?
Well, Brooke, I want to know,
what happened over the weekend?
Right.
So you didn't come to rehearsal Sunday?
You're 14.
You've been taking ballet class
since you were six or seven years old.
Abby, if she's going to do that,
like she spent the entire week
learning the number with this group.
Why wouldn't she just go away with us
and keep the number?
But that doesn't mean you don't do
anything dance-wise all weekend.
KELLY: I realized
that Brooke didn't dance last week
so she's not on the pyramid,
but she is still part of the group.
Sophia is not even here
and she's at the top of the pyramid,
and Brooke is and she's not on it at all.
The group piece is entitled "Voyage Home."
this is a very serious piece.
You will be immigrants.
Everybody will be in the routine,
but Brooke, who will be staying home,
and Mackenzie.
Brooke, I want to see you work
to get back into this group.
Mackenzie, you will be doing a solo.
My next solo will be Paige.
[applause]
My next routine will be a duet
with Maddie and Kendall.
[applause]
Moms, you can head upstairs.
Ladies, spread apart.
Start warming up.
You wanna sit in your old spot?
Here you go.
Thank you.
Brooke, go over there
and play the music for us please
'cause I don't want
Gianna counting even messing...
Let's use Mackenzie.
I am planning on Sophia
showing up at the competition
and participating in the group number.
I have special parts built for her.
She's gonna work out just fine.
Start backing up. Everybody, backing up.
I have Mackenzie being "the swing"
and blocking the spaces for Sophia.
It should be up there, Brooke.
- Wait, wait.
- You said that already.
Did she put Mackenzie in now?
Yeah, Brooke's now running the music.
Put your right foot back.
Dig your right foot.
This week's theme
is very lightly about immigrating.
It's more about getting
across that border.
It's about the struggle.
And now we're stepping out and across.
It's a really cool contemporary piece.
The music's great,
and I want the kids
to push themselves artistically.
Some of their feet are flexed.
They're pulling on each other.
There's some partner work,
and that's something new for these kids.
And run!
So Brooke's really gonna further
her dance education
by running music and watching.
This is Sophia. This is not anybody else.
She's playing like Sophie,
you know what I mean?
BROOKE: Although I'm happy
I'm not competing this weekend,
there is a part of me
that really wishes I was there,
because I wanted to show the
girls that although I'm not
on the team, I still do really care
and I just wanted to support them.
My daughter was here all last week
and she's here today for pyramid.
Two weeks in a row
she's been here for pyramid
and has not been on that pyramid.
Sophia is on top of the pyramid
and she's not even here.
Brooke is part of the team.
She needs to be
at the dance competition with me.
It's [bleep].
Remember, you're an immigrant
coming through the desert
or coming on a boat
that you've been on for days
and days and days.
KELLY: Wait. Did Abby just say
that they're immigrating?
It has to do with them being immigrants
in the Ivy League Dance Company.
Except we've been on this team
since they were born.
Yup, that's what it is.
She got lucky 'cause these
little immigrants are good dancers.
Watch that back foot.
Keep it pressed into the ground.
Flex your feet there, Kendall.
- ...seven, eight...
- Turn your left.
I didn't think about
when Dee did Maddie's hair.
I'm like, oh, man,
it does look like Sophie's.
Do you think Maddie's sad
she doesn't have a solo?
Um, she's happy she has a duet.
- Is she happy?
- So yeah.
- Is she OK with that?
- Oh, yeah, just tickled pink.
You have to know that Maddie
feels a little disappointed in Abby and--
- Sure.
- --the Sophia thing.
Oh, a little.
Are you kidding me?
It's not a little, honey.
- What does she say?
- She goes, Mom, I like Sophia.
- I said, honey, I know you do.
- It's got nothing to do with that.
Maddie is amazing on her own.
She doesn't need that from Abby.
It's just not fair.
But guess what?
Kendall could be amazing on her own, too.
[music playing]
Such a great day to go visit Abby.
It's never a good day to visit Abby.
Abby asked us all
to come over to her house
and go through her garage
and look for old dance stuff.
I don't know
why we can't say no to this lady.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Hello?
- Hello.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on in.
Oh, my gosh.
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Here we go.
- Wow.
Here's the main things
that I'm looking for.
I'm looking for old programs,
but there's also some props
that I think that we could do
for dance routines
that we don't have
to pay for new props to be made.
All right, get started.
Let's go. Let's go.
I'm not touching anything in here.
God knows what's growing in that garage,
and I do not feel
like getting a case of scabies.
[gasps] There's mice droppings in here.
[screams] Oh, my gosh, I hit a jackpot.
Look at Abby here.
Too pure to be pink, Abby.
[laughs]
Melissa is like gung-ho
on cleaning out this garage.
She's thinking, I'm going to kick butt
cleaning this garage
because Maddie is going
to get her at the top of the pyramid.
This is right up Melissa's alley.
I don't-- I don't know what's worse,
her cleaning out the junk
or kissing Abby's ass.
She hit the jackpot.
This had your name on it.
"Kelly on probation
for cursing in the studio, 1979."
Some things never change, huh?
[screams]
What is it?
Let's get out of here.
I think I touched it, God.
[screams]
I don't do mice.
It was a lovely afternoon. I'm done.
See you later.
Bye, Holly.
Oh, she's running.
I-I got two photos, ladies,
I'm sneaking out of the building.
I got the one of Abby
with a black eye and the same hairdo.
I'm going to dream about this tonight
and think that I did it to her.
[laughs]
[music playing]
Fabulous.
ABBY LEE: Now, the name of your routine
is "Lemonade."
But I don't want a lemon
out on that stage.
You know what a lemon is?
A lemon is you buy a car
and everything goes wrong with the car.
My solos this week is called "Lemonade,"
and I am going to be
a big glass of L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
Like when something's sour,
it's like-- go.
Mackenzie does cute well,
but she has a few more difficult tricks
in her routine this week.
She's doing her round off back tuck
on stage on the bare floor.
She's doing her aerial walkover.
She's doing side aerials.
So I feel like pushing her in the level
of difficulty of her routine.
It needs to be more than a split.
That does look funny.
I love it.
She was like sitting
on her boobs, her bosom.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
All right, Paige, you're gonna dance now.
KELLY: God, Paige is gonna get tortured.
No, she's in a good mood.
You were her servant today.
No. Yeah, you helped her out.
- You only stole two things.
- [laughter]
Shut up, Jill.
I think you're-- you're ahead of the game.
All right, now Paige, you're 12.
You're gonna be dancing 12, 13.
So you need to dance up.
You need to dance older.
And make things big.
Give it 100%.
This is my first solo of the season
so I need to be better than good
and I need to prove to Miss Abby
that I deserve to be here.
Stop.
[stutters] The arms are not a dishrag,
a dishwash cloth.
She's yelling at her about her arms
because Paige has noodly arms.
- And I...
- They're so long, that's why.
KELLY: I totally agree with Abby.
And I don't mind Abby
for yelling at her for her arms,
because when she yells her
for being stupid, that bothers me.
Don't look at your mother.
Every time you look at your mother,
you get 20 push-ups.
KELLY:
I think Paige is ready for this solo
and Abby just doesn't
ever give her a chance.
And I think
if she would give Paige the chance
and get her up on stage,
she would get used to it.
ABBY LEE: All right, breathe.
Go get a drink.
We're goin' on to the group.
I'm gonna go downstairs
for a little bit, OK?
What are you doing?
Get back to the top of that pyramid
in any way, shape or form you can.
Does anybody else feel like this?
I'm fine. I don't care.
It's a f... It's an act.
Melissa and Maddie are so overwhelmed
by the fact that Sophia
is here on the team
and they're kind of living in her shadow.
I don't think either one of them know
what to do with themselves
now that they're in somebody
else's shadow.
Paige, back foot!
Three times I told you.
More acting.
I don't think you understand that you're--
like there's people
with machine guns in their cars
that won't let you get out of the car.
Like you need to be stronger.
I'm not... I'm seeing this.
Be tougher!
Come on.
Don't be so weak.
[music continuing]
On your left. Eight, four, five, six.
We're starting the duet.
It's called "Sugar and Spice."
Understood? I don't know
why you're all laughing and silly.
That much time ago you were doing a solo
and at the top of the pyramid.
That's where you always were,
and now you're her duet partner?
I wouldn't be laughing about it.
Well, why is a duet
something that's downgraded?
I don't know.
Because Sophia is the star now
so she's getting the solos.
But a duet or a trio
is still a lovely thing to do.
That's what I said. It's...
I think it is, too.
That's not a downgraded opportunity.
So you don't feel like that's a downgrade?
- No.
- Absolutely not.
I think a duet is a great dance.
Any time Mia gets a chance to dance,
I am happy.
So I don't know what Melissa thinks.
I think it's great.
- [music playing]
- (SINGING) Everybody--
MADDIE:
"Sugar and Spice" is a very fun dance.
It's upbeat and cute, but it's not hard.
I wish I had a solo this week
because solos
are so much more challenging for me.
Now look at each other
like, what are you wearing?
Uh-huh.
KENDALL:
I really want to do well in a duet
because since there's only two people,
you can sort of tell if one messes up.
All right, girls,
you're done for right now.
You have tomorrow,
and Saturday morning
we leave for Greensboro. Got it?
Oh, somebody was in here
looking for stuff.
Yeah, because this is just all-- look.
We all know that Melissa wants Maddie back
on top of the pyramid,
and she wants her daughter doing a solo.
Hey, uh, what did you think
about the duet?
Not happy about that, but...
Maddie was the one doing a solo every week
and now she's doing a duet with Kendall.
Yeah.
I think, you know, it's just different.
Did Melissa just admit to me
that she's not happy
Maddie has a duet with Kendall?
Interesting.
If Abby thinks this is a downgrade
for Maddie, she's wrong,
because Kendall can keep up
and this duet looks adorable.
I just don't understand
why she has to consistently
always drag Kendall down.
What concerns me the most
is that you came in
and told Maddie that she's been downgraded
to a duet with Kendall.
How do you think that makes Kendall feel?
Kendall is dancing with Maddie,
and that's what she wants.
She's been dancing with Maddie
for a year now.
- Not in a duet, but--
- Never in a duet.
Never even in one trio.
I don't think that was fair to say.
Hey, Melissa was the one
that stood in the store
and told me she wasn't thrilled
about her kid doing a duet with Kendall.
I-I don't know where
you want me to go with that.
That's just rude. Why do people think
their kids are so above others?
Melissa, you're busted. You lied to me.
Have you heard from Sophia?
- I have not heard from Sophia.
- Oh.
I'm a little worried
about her being on that movie.
How were the dances?
I finished the duet this morning.
- OK.
- It was hard.
- It was hard?
- Yeah.
- You're ready.
- Hello. That looks good.
Hi, guys.
Chloe was telling me last night,
basically, like, you know,
how Sophia has the whole solo part.
But then she was saying
there's a whole section
that's only Maddie,
and she said Abby was saying,
like, you know, Sophia gets left behind
but Maddie crosses the border.
And she's like,
"Mom, not the four-- other four of us."
She's like, "She never even mentioned us."
Well, how about this?
I was talking to Abby,
and I wanted to say thank you
for the duet.
And she said,
"You know, Melissa came flat out
- and said she didn't want to do it."
- Oh, my God.
- Melissa said that to Abby?
- Mm-hmm.
I guess because she thinks Maddie's
too good to dance with Kendall. Mm-hmm.
Abby told Jill that Melissa was not happy
doing a duet with Kendall,
but it was a step down from doing a solo.
And I think that really hurt
Jill and Kendall's feelings.
Melissa told us that story upstairs
and Melissa said,
"Oh, I talked to Abby and
Abby said, how do you feel about the duet?
And she said,
'Oh, I'm really happy about it."'
Oh, she did.
- Did she say that?
- Yes.
Someone here is lying.
Abby, as everybody knows,
just speaks the truth.
She doesn't care if she's going
to hurt your feelings or not.
Melissa has lied to me many times before.
Don't you think that's wrong?
Yes.
You're allowed to not be happy about it.
Don't lie about it.
What do I do? I mean--
I would definitely say something.
I don't want to cause
any drama with this duet,
but I can't let Melissa
get away with this.
I can't let her think that her kid
is too good to dance with mine.
ABBY LEE: All right, so ready?
Take it from your whole hip section.
Five, six, seven, eight, and...
[music playing]
(SINGING) Everybody, count off the rhythm.
Show us the way to dance.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Hi, ladies. How are you?
- We're doing a project.
- ABBY LEE: And down.
Now, what did you do
after the back handspring?
Can we kupe out of that?
Can we leap out of that?
Can we jump out of that?
I have to tell you
that Abby told me last night
that you weren't happy
about doing a duet with Kendall.
- What?
- [stutters] And it hurts my feelings.
- I mean...
- Well, Jill--
I don't want to get all angry and scream.
- I never said that.
- Well, why would Abby tell me that?
She lies all the time.
Never said that.
- Well, tell me how the conversation--
- I told you.
--went, that she would get that,
- that you weren't happy about it.
- Never said it, Jill.
I guess what hurts the most is, one,
that Abby truly believes that you think
Maddie's too good to dance with Kendall.
I never said that.
And that is hurtful.
Well, that's really funny.
And really disappointing,
because Christi sat here
and asked you how many times.
I'm excited. You told me how excited--
- Well, I'm very excited.
- I told you. I told you.
And Kendall's very excited.
I think things like that
just hurt the kids' feelings.
Of course it does,
but I didn't hurt the kids' feelings
because Abby asked me. I even told you.
I told you guys all yesterday.
She said, what do you think of the duet?
I said, I'm so excited.
And she goes, "It's a step down."
That's what she said to me.
Melissa just lied right to my face.
She told me she was happy
about the duet with Kendall
and Abby told me the exact opposite.
Melissa, you're busted. You lied to me.
And let's face it,
they're all different levels.
They all have their strengths
and their weaknesses.
- I think they're...
- But it's not fair for a teacher to say
one kid's too good to dance with another
or for a mother to agree with it.
And that's...
I don't know how it went down,
but that's what Abby been led me
to believe.
Well, you can believe
whatever you want to, Jill.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Now, the girls, obviously, immigrants.
Watch, ladies.
The costumes for this week's competition
need to be dark and dramatic.
I want the girls to look
as though they've been through a whole lot
to get across that border.
Where are these children immigrating from?
We don't know.
They're trying to cross the border.
It's not about where they're coming from
but where they're going.
It's about the voyage home.
I'm listening
to Abby's definition of immigration
and I'm confused.
How on earth can you immigrate home?
[music playing]
- Hi, Jim.
- Hi.
Good morning.
You wouldn't know what to do
if we didn't have pink suitcases.
That's right.
We're going back to Greensboro,
North Carolina this week,
and we actually attended DTI last year.
So we're familiar with the competition.
We know the judges. We did well last year.
ABBY LEE: Come on, Jim, let's go.
Ladies, we're going
to the Dance Troupe Challenge
and we need to remember
that those kids are already there.
They're already working.
So when you step into that hotel,
you don't know who's the judge.
You don't know who's a faculty member.
You don't know who's running it.
Game faces on.
No back talking your moms.
Get in there
and pretend you're dancers, yes?
Oh... here we go.
"Good luck today.
Thinking of you all.
Just got to set here in LA.
Last day of filming. Miss you all."
So what does that mean?
No Sophia this weekend?
No Sophia this weekend.
See, you should have just put Brooke
on the team from day one.
Well, day one you weren't there.
- You didn't show up on day one.
- Day one of this week.
Well, this week is a little late, Kelly.
Yeah, well, Sophia wasn't there
- day one of this week either, was she?
- No.
- Brooke was there. She wasn't.
Nope.
She was doing a movie in Hollywood.
Brooke was at school with her friends.
Big difference.
Kelly, you have to understand,
I want stars.
I don't want mediocre.
KELLY: We know you want stars, Abby,
and it's clear that you'll do
whatever it takes to get those stars.
If you really wanna call it out,
then maybe you should say something
in front of Abby.
Yeah, but think of it this way.
If Abby had to pick
whose side she's gonna take--
- I mean--
- Oh, I don't know about that.
--if honesty is not the best policy
and she's going to pick a side,
I mean, I'm gonna leave.
Abby is not going to want to be the one
who's accused of lying.
I think she'll choose her own side,
because if Melissa is calling her a liar,
Abby's not gonna stand
for being called a liar.
[music continuing]
[cheering]
ABBY LEE: Girls, listen up.
All those people lined up in that hallway,
all those people so excited to see you,
why do you think that is?
National champions.
So step up to the plate, get it in gear,
figure it out, and no lazy mistakes.
[music playing]
Paige, you're 12 now.
Were your arms straight behind you
like Chloe's,
and your sternum open
every time you rolled around?
Were your elbows lifted
and supported through your back
on your PK-- PK tinsica.
Those are all things
that we went over and over and over.
I feel like Paige wants to get out there
and show Abby that she can do this solo.
She is listening, and she will make
a few of those corrections.
Mackenzie, you made a mockery
of your entire routine
with that bow falling out
and then doing your back handspring
the wrong direction.
Now you have an even bigger headpiece.
Don't let it happen again.
All right, are we ready?
Let's walk the mile.
Game faces on. Good luck.
Paige, go out there
and dance like you've never danced before.
No mistakes, got it?
[music playing]
ANNOUNCER: Up next,
Mackenzie performing "Lemonade."
[applause]
[music - dj laz, "lemonade"]
(SINGING) L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
Sweet as lemonade.
Bright as a sunny day.
She's sweet as lemonade.
Sweet as lemonade.
Bright as a sunny day.
L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E. L-E-M-O-N-A-D-E.
Sweet as lemonade.
[cheering]
I think it was a great routine.
That back tuck was outstanding.
The face was cute.
All of her jumps were nice and high.
She did a great job.
This is my first solo of the season
and all I'm thinking
is of Abby's corrections
and Abby's screaming in my head.
Do this right, do that right.
ANNOUNCER: Up next
from the Abby Lee Dance Company,
Paige performing "I Wanna Dance."
[applause]
[MUSIC - REBEL AMERICA, "I WANNA DANCE"]
(SINGING) I got this craving
like something stickin' up a demand.
It starts in my feet, moves up to my legs,
making my body find a deep satisfaction.
I wanna dance.
Yes, I want to tell Mr. DJ
to turn the music up
so I can hit the dance floor.
What you waiting for? Oh, yeah.
I wanna dance.
Yes, I want to tell Mr. DJ
to turn the music up
so I can hit the dance floor.
What you waiting for? Oh, yeah.
What you waiting for?
[cheering]
I thought Paige's dance was great.
She looked confident.
She made a lot of the corrections.
She wasn't perfect, but nobody's perfect.
- I thought both of them did really well.
- I know.
You know
Abby's gonna have something to say.
And, you know,
I am trying to behave myself
and kiss her ass this week,
so I'm gonna sit here and bite my tongue.
That's so hard to do.
Kelly, this is where
you called her a whore.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Kelly, go get a job.
KELLY: Oh, you are a whore.
I have to behave here this year.
You could be like, whore the sequel.
I missed it last year.
- I was working.
- Oh, Holly, It wasn't good.
Whore the sequel.
- Hey.
- Good job.
Good job.
If Miss Abby comes in here
and says mean things,
just listen and ignore.
- Yeah.
- Hey, girls.
Nice job.
Paige, how do you think you did?
Good. I thought you were wonderful.
I thought it was fabulous.
That's a big arch back, Kendall.
So, Abby, I have a question
about you came right out
and said Melissa said
she doesn't wanna do the duet.
We were discussing the duet
and she said,
"I'm not too crazy about it either".
- That's not what I said.
- Those were her words.
I said I'm not too crazy
about not having a solo is what I said.
Well, I think everybody in this room knows
you have a selective memory.
I did not say that.
Come on, Melissa, your ex-husband told me
how many times
when you were on the phone with me,
telling me this, telling me that.
You'd hang up with me, call somebody else,
and rip all over me.
I have been so dedicated to that studio.
You are the person
that is love the one you're with.
If-- If your kid's
doing a duet with Chloe,
you're up Christi's butt--
[chattering]
Come on, you know Melissa.
If she's with me,
she agrees with my opinion.
If she's sitting next to Jill,
she's gonna tell Jill
whatever Jill wants to hear.
Kendall, turn your left foot in
and then invert it
and make sure your ankles
on the floor on one knee.
Stretch your feet, Kendall.
When you shoot out to that jazz back bend.
- Oh.
- OK, Maddie's knee is bent.
It's perched. It's supposed to be that.
But her sec... Her leg wasn't straight.
- OK.
- But you're too busy watching this.
- You don't see any of that.
- Maddie, Maddie, Maddie, take a private
from Miss Jill next week.
Abby, I'm just saying
you could be a little more critical
to both children,
not just one the whole time.
Maddie's not perfect.
- I'm sorry, she's not perfect.
- I never said Maddie was perfect.
If she was perfect, she'd have a solo.
She's not perfect.
Do it one more time, honey.
I won't.
You know what?
She... Tell her to stop.
You've worked really hard
and all she does is say your one foot.
Come on, Kendall. Come on.
I gave it to her.
- I understand that, but now--
- I picked her for the duet.
--you're tearing her down.
- Why?
- I am not tearing her down.
- I'm correcting her foot.
- Yes, you are.
You're gonna ruin it.
Jill, your child's foot is sickled
and I'm correcting it.
Because I'm not gonna let that big...
you know what sit there
and belittle you. I'm not.
I can't stand to hear her
screaming at Kendall anymore.
I can't stand it.
This is the plan.
I hope everybody's happy
the plan fell into place.
That's all she worked on
all week with screaming at Kendall.
ABBY LEE:
Girls, I'm not putting up with this crap.
You either dance now,
you get in the wings,
or you find another studio.
[applause]
ANNOUNCER: From Abby Lee Dance Company,
let's welcome to the stage
contestant number 217.
[MUSIC - ASHLEY JANA, "SUGAR 'N SPICE"]
(SINGING) Everybody count us a rhythm.
Show us the way you dance.
'Cause baby, tonight
there is no mistaking.
We get another chance.
Well, I'm sugar and spice
and everything nice.
When you see us coming,
you might look more than twice.
Because we love the world
in a ballerina's twirl.
Come and watch us do it, do it, do it.
You know through it all,
we're here to hit the ball.
Just like sugar and spice
and everything nice.
When you see us coming,
you might look more than twice.
[cheering]
I think the duet went very well.
I thought we were together,
and Kendall took all the corrections
and applied them.
- Good job.
- You did good, guys.
Really good job.
- Nice job, ladies.
- Thank you.
It's OK, Abby, you can give corrections.
Oh, you're allowing me
to correct my students now?
You can do whatever you want.
I just don't want you screaming,
hurting feelings
before they go out on stage.
Jill, if you looked
at your kid doing that bit
and thought that her leg
was in a la seconde,
go to the optometrist
or the ophthalmologist,
because it was not.
You needed to get up off your chair
and hands-on and show her.
I did!
You sat right there. I--
Jill, in the studio,
you get your face out of your phone
and pay attention.
Because you have said to me
if Kendall just gets her chance,
if Kendall just gets an opportunity,
she will dance up to that level.
I gave it. I didn't see it.
And you picked on her
the entire week about it.
Pick on her?
- Yes.
- Kiss my butt.
No, thank you.
Get over yourself.
Every time I call her,
good or bad, I am fixing her.
Say thank you.
Every time I say your kid's name,
it should be a thank you.
When I never say it, start worrying.
Start worrying.
ANNOUNCER: Let's get rocking.
[applause]
JILL: I really, really need
this to duet to score well,
because if it doesn't,
we know who Abby's gonna blame.
She already set the stage
that it's goonna be Kendall's fault
if the duet doesn't win.
In the gender age division,
ladies and gentlemen,
our overall solos for level 2.
First place, "Lemonade,"
Abby Lee Dance Company.
[cheering]
In our intermediate solos for level 2.
Taking our third place is number 205,
"I Wanna Dance," Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
I think Paige is in her glory.
She was the third overall high score
in her age division.
For Paige, that's pretty darn good.
Our highest scores for our duet trios.
Taking third place by a score
duet trio is "We Hate Boys,"
Divine Dance.
[cheering]
Second place is going home
with "Alouette," Studio 45.
[applause]
- And rounding out the highest score--
drumrolls students on the floor--
number 217, "Sugar and Spice,"
Abby Lee Dance Company.
[cheering]
The duet "Sugar and Spice"
with Maddie and Kendall
won first. Am I surprised?
Am I shocked?
No.
They were looking at Maddie, guaranteed.
Hi.
You did wonderful.
Congratulations.
I'm so proud of you.
High five.
You and Maddie were a good pair.
You guys were good out there.
Listen, let's go out
and make this group number
the best it's ever been.
ABBY LEE: Congratulations, girls.
Congrats, congrats, congrats.
You should all be just fine
without Sophia.
Kendall, you remember your part,
how you move into the middle
where Sophia used to be?
You're not going to screw that up.
You know what you're doing.
I think the girls
will be fine doing the parts
because Sophia
never really does the dance.
No, I know. I just...
I mean, compare her devil pipe
point blank to Chloe's.
Yes, and her dance teacher from San Diego
taught it, where you taught Chloe.
So her--
No, I taught Chloe to do it correctly.
Chloe pikes it forward
and she gets told about it every time
she does it.
Right now, we're getting ready
to do the group.
And since me and Maddie won for the duet,
I think we have a big chance
of winning with the group.
ANNOUNCER: Let's welcome
the Abby Lee Dance Company,
performing "Voyage Home."
[applause]
[MUSIC - ATLANTIC LINE, "VOYAGE HOME"]
(SINGING) Sometimes...
we change too fast.
[cheering]
ANNOUNCER:
That's the Abby Lee Dance Company
performing "Voyage Home."
Most of the girls did a good job
on the group dance.
I just hope the judges
weren't watching the immigrants
with the sickle feet and the bad timing.
Whoo.
Good job.
I liked it.
Does anybody know who messed up?
Don't throw anyone
under the bus, children.
- No.
- Don't throw anyone under the bus.
'Cause Abby was like,
somebody messed something up.
And Abby just like looked at all the moms.
- I was like--
- You can tell.
So, Christi,
I'm not so sure that was amazing.
No, but they usually are very amazing.
Christi's mouth is always big
and full of things to say.
She wants to think
that everybody's amazing.
I don't wake up amazing.
It takes me hours to get this way.
Come on, girls, let's go.
[applause]
ANNOUNCER: And now the scores
for the small groups.
Our third place trophy
goes to "Smooth Criminal."
[applause]
Our second place trophy goes to "Blow."
And our first place trophy
goes to "Voyage Home"
- from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
- [cheering]
Oh, yes!
You were amazing.
Pipe down over there.
ABBY LEE: The "Voyage Home" was a success.
Was it amazing, Christi? No.
It isn't your place to say that.
Certainly not.
But they won,
and it will go down in the history books
as another victory
for the Abby Lee Dance Company.
[cheering]
High five.
Congratulations, girls.
Amazing.
Christi, amazing.
- They were amazing.
Really? You really think that,
just 'cause they got lucky and won?
Kendall, are you gonna admit
that you screwed
the whole dance up
and that you were off timing?
I messed up one part, not the whole dance.
JILL: It couldn't have been that bad
because they won the whole thing, Abby.
Yeah, you know what?
Last week they looked at Sophia.
Today, you couldn't take
your eyes off of Maddie.
How hurtful is that?
How ignorant is that to say
to a child in front of everybody
when the number just won?
Some people are good soloists.
ABBY LEE:
Some people are better in a group.
Other people choke on stage.
There you have it.
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Next on "Dance Moms."
I wanna make sure that you're all aware,
your replacements
will be at the competition.
You're really like making fun of our kids?
Yeah.
I was just gonna ask you
if I could have a solo.
Uh-uh.
Your mom did this and you let it happen.
Sorry.
If one person really has the dreams
to do this for a living,
nothing should get in their way.
Not your personal life.
You picked on the children!
'Cause you're an idiot!